not even a quarter of a par put and
agreed on a whole life Dormammu a chip
master and I quit I fucking think hey
she's gonna hit by two hi purzel at the
same time and I was an X Factor bitch
can't take a punch for nothing dude even
when she's blocking she's ass without
five bars Phoenix us but little bit go
back though oh you're gonna fucking
captain america with the van ray there's
one piece captain save a ho yeah look at
that hey girls all fucking he got to be
the oddball gay guy he ain't got his
blue suit on the fuck where to launch it
all right now I'm whose aren't even
coming out
okay that's not what I wanted of course
block captain damn or eat it school book
time on come in at the wrong time and
get fucked up became info else must be
level fucking three I had that shit I'll
blocking high for every single hit man
daddy you're heck are you suck move the
hacker to fuck it up hey guys thankee
how's awkward and the high line to end
it the foot hit that motherfucker boo
level 3 0 SS it was like in slow motion
yes shit the fucking toxin in Hartford
it didn't come up too fast why is it not
in there yet oh shit that you dad right
yeah fucking pajama man hit that bitch
either oh oh I didn't hit her what the
fuck they get the fuck out uh oh my god
ah through one random fucking fight what
about you grab it they're fucking fake
ass anke huh
yes Oh haggar yeah I mean drunk what up
fucking you Welsh I didn't hit my
launcher hit that motherfucker some
goddamn sadly no watcher do with her mom
move the fucking boss and you can't
touch him flaming say go ahead pick as
those rider the chicken skull it fit
that rider boss drama man figures goes
rider in a long haired faggot blond boy
0 ain't got no list with shoulder pads
and heave